{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red224\green224\blue224;\red12\green12\blue12;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c90196\c90196\c90196;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5490\c90196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
glorbo fruttodrillo nel profondo della Palude glorbo frutt drillo regnava il suo corpo era un'enorme anguria a strisce\
\
With a body clad in thick, striped rind, and a maw filled with sharp, ivory teeth, Fruttodrillo is a sight that is both mesmerizing and menacing. He represents a crocodile inside a watermelon, possessing emerald eyes that gleam beneath the dappled shade of ancient fig trees, watching over the fields like a guardian spirit of forgotten fruits. Farmers speak of him in hushed tones, recounting tales of bountiful harvests granted to those who respect the land\'97and eerie disappearances of those who dare to exploit it.\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Legends tell of the rarest encounter: when Fruttodrillo deems someone worthy, he offers them a single bite of his sacred, ruby-red flesh. It is said that this taste bestows unparalleled vitality, a lifetime of good fortune, and an understanding of the deepest secrets of the earth. But beware\'97attempt to take more than what is given, and his powerful jaws will remind you why a crocodile should never be mistaken for mere fruit.\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 No one knows exactly where he came from. Some say he was born from a cursed melon that fell into the Tiber, infused with ancient magic. Others believe he is the guardian of Italy\'92s lost orchards, protecting the rarest fruit trees from oblivion. Whatever the truth may be, Fruttodrillo remains a mystery\'97one that only the bravest (or the most foolish) seek to unravel.}