{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red224\green224\blue224;\red12\green12\blue12;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c90196\c90196\c90196;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5490\c90196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Meterito Bearito is a mysterious and majestic inhabitant of the dark mountains, whose strength and grace inspire awe. This space bear, covered in iridescent black fur resembling spikes, has the unique ability to control gravity and meteors. His eyes glow like two tiny purple comet tails, and on his back you can see the Rings of heaven, which release an endless aura of power from cosmic dust, revolving around him like a planet
\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Abilities
\fs30 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Meterito Bearito has amazing powers:\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Gravity Control: It can decrease or increase the gravity around it. When he jumps, he seems to float in the air, and his enemies discover that they cannot move or, conversely, begin to float in zero gravity.\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Meteor Summoning: Meterito can summon meteors from space, guiding them with jewel-like precision. However, he never uses this power to destroy \'97 only to protect or create spectacular celestial shows.\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Cosmic aura: His presence is soothing and inspires respect. It is said that those who look into the eyes of Meterito Bearito will feel their own "gravitational field" equalize, and their thoughts and feelings come into harmony.\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 Behaviour
\fs30 \cb1 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Behaviour Despite his incredible powers, Meterito Bearito is a neutral and passive being. He likes to hover slowly above the ground, watching the night world, sometimes leaving a trail of stardust behind him. In moments of relaxation, he curls up into a ball right in space, clutching a small meteorite to himself, as if it were his favorite toy. However, if someone disturbs his peace or tries to use his power for evil purposes, Meterito Bearito turns into a formidable defender. His gravitational surges can turn everything around upside down, and a meteor shower will force any enemy to retreat. Meterito Bearito is not just a creature, but a true cosmic legend, symbolizing the balance, strength and beauty of the vast starry expanses.}