{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red224\green224\blue224;\red12\green12\blue12;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c90196\c90196\c90196;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5490\c90196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"Pot Hotspot Prot Hotspot" ucap seorang anomali anak kucai yang tidak memiliki kuota kepada teman-temannya. Anomali ini sering disebut Mokondo karena tidak mau membeli kuota. Giliran jajan di kantin duitnya ngga habis-habis. Anomali ini juga sangat menyebalkan karena jika diberi hotspot, dia langsung tidak tahu diri seperti mendownload video Youtube, nonton TikTok, dan mendownload data Genshin Impact. Padahal dia cuman bilang "hotspot dong buat buka wa doang"\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Translation\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 "Pot Hotspot Prot Hotspot" said an anomaly of a chive child who doesn't have a quota to his friends. This anomaly is often called Mokondo because he doesn't want to buy a quota. When it's his turn to buy snacks at the canteen, his money never runs out. This anomaly is also very annoying because if he is given a hotspot, he immediately out of line, such as downloading Youtube videos, watching TikTok, and downloading Genshin Impact data. Even though he only said "hotspot please only to open whatsapp"}