{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red224\green224\blue224;\red12\green12\blue12;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c90196\c90196\c90196;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5490\c90196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Rantasanta Chinaranta has a lean, agile body that moves unnaturally, almost like a flickering flame. Her skin appears to be made of burning Chinar leaves, shifting between autumn hues and fire. Her eyes glow with molten gold, and her wide grin reveals sharp fangs. Her long, clawed fingers seem to twitch constantly, always ready to strike.\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Powers\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 Chinar's Wrath \'96 She harnesses the power of the Chinar tree, using its flames to burn enemies from within, consuming them with their own guilt and fear.\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Phantom Agility \'96 She moves unpredictably, dodging attacks with unnatural speed, as if dancing through battle.\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Whisper of Madness \'96 Her voice infiltrates the minds of her enemies, driving them into paranoia and despair.\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Fate's Laughter \'96 Her laughter distorts reality, disrupting weapons, confusing enemies, and turning the tide of battle against them.\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 She exists to destroy, to reclaim, and to ensure that those who oppress face the fire they once ignited.\
\
antasanta is a vengeful spirit originating from the misty valleys of Kashmir, where she was born as a mystical entity tied to the region's folklore. Rantasanta harbors a deep grudge against the people of Pakistan due to a peculiar incident: a group of Pakistanis once devoured her prized 'Lunchly,' a sacred meal she cherished above all else. Enraged by this betrayal, she turned her wrath on the nation, vowing to haunt and prey upon Pakistani virgins as retribution. Legends say she roams the night, her eerie presence marked by the faint aroma of stolen spices, seeking out her next victim with relentless spite.}