{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red224\green224\blue224;\red12\green12\blue12;\red251\green132\blue143;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c90196\c90196\c90196;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5490\c90196;\cssrgb\c99608\c60000\c62745;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Sahur aka Tung Tung Tung Sahur is by far, the most powerful of the \cf4 \cb3 brainrot animals\cf2 \cb3 .
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tung Tung Tung Sahur is a terrifying anomaly in the form of a night patrol drum. Legend has it that if you are called for Sahur three times and don't respond, it will appear and haunt you. Its sound resembles that of a beating drum, "tung tung tung." It was first discovered at Pentungan Sahur Pos Ronda Malam.\
\
Original: Tung tung tung tung tung tung tung tung tung sahur. Anomali mengerikan yang hanya keluar pada sahur. Konon katanya kalau ada orang yang dipanggil Sahur tiga kali dan tidak nyaut maka makhluk ini datang di rumah kalian. Hiii seremnya. Tung tung ini biasanya bersuara layaknya pukulan kentungan seperti ini tung tung tung tung. Share ke teman kalian yang susah Sahur.\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Translation:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 Tung tung tung tung tung tung tung tung tung sahur. Scary anomaly that only comes out at Sahur. It is said that if someone is called for Sahur three times and does not answer, then this creature comes to your house. Eek, how scary. Tung tung usually makes a sound like a gong hitting a kentungan. TUng tung tung tung. Share it with your friends who find it difficult to wake up for Sahur.}